[BUGFIX] Feature/fix row condition quotes #2536 (#3676)
great-expectations/great_expectations: docs/reference/expectations/conditional_expectations.md

}
```

> Warning : you should not use simple quotes nor \\n inside the query. Otherwise it may introduce bug at reloading (great_expectations suite edit).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
:::warning
You should not use single quotes nor \\n inside the specified `row_condition` (see examples below). Otherwise a bug may be introduced when running `great_expectations suite edit` from the CLI.
:::
```
